Opening
The first team meeting of Capstone I Team 4 was held at 12:00 PM on September 21, 2023 in Brown Hall in room 408.

Present
Nate Campbell, Team Member
Luke Carson, Team Member
Cole Cooper, Secretary
Dylan Robbins, Team Member
Jackson Woodard, Team Lead
Jesse Roberts, Sponsor

Absent
All Present

Approval of Agenda
The agenda was unanimously approved by the team.

Approval of Minutes
The meeting minutes were unanimously approved by the team.

Business From Previous Meeting
The finish of the project proposal.

New Business 
Creation of block diagram for the conceptual design. 

Additions to the Agenda
Mention from Mr. Roberts whether the sensor communication protocols require microcontrollers. For now we believe yes for ease of communication and low cost. Mention of two major design philosophies was brought up: 1.) the establishment of theory to pick the correct hardware. 2.) the establishment of hardware and forcing necessary functions. The idea to look at specific smart home communication protocols was brought up, Zigbee and Z-Wave were particularly mentioned. A focus for conceptual design should be on specific “what we’re doing” and not “how we’re doing it.”

Agenda for Next Meeting
Creation of the flow chart for conceptual design and initial rough draft for conceptual design.

Adjournment 
Meeting was adjourned at 2:00 PM by Jackson Woodard. With planning of meeting again on September 21, 2023 at 12:00 PM.

Minutes Submitted by: Cole Cooper
Approved by: Jackson Woodard
