Opening
The team meeting of Capstone I Team 4 was held at 12:00 PM on November 16, 2023 in Brown Hall in room 408.

Present
Nate Campbell, Team Member
Luke Carson, Team Member
Cole Cooper, Secretary
Dylan Robbins, Team Member
Jackson Woodard, Team Lead
Jesse Roberts, Sponsor

Absent
All present

Approval of Agenda
The agenda was unanimously approved by the team.

Approval of Minutes
The meeting minutes were unanimously approved by the team.

Business From Previous Meeting
The completion of our first design submission’s first full sign off.

New Business 
No new business was started from this meeting. 

Additions to the Agenda
This meeting started with more clarifications on how to properly explain that the data transfer needed can be done for proper communication between each sensor and its ESP 32. We then went through a deep dive on necessities for how the head-unit should function for the system. We have come to the conclusion that the Raspberry Pi 3a/4 will be perfect for our needs. The reason we went a different route was the expectation that the head-unit needs to stay on while the power is out, we have determined now that the head-unit does not need power during a power outage thus negating the original concerns. Mention that the team needs more specific information for fully explaining details was brought up, like the communication protocols that the sensors use like I2C. We also found that the ESP-32 H2’s analog to digital converters handle 0-3.3 V steps with a resolution of 4096 points of values. 

Agenda for Next Meeting
Finish remaining sign-offs.

Adjournment 
Meeting was adjourned at 3:00 PM by Jackson Woodard. With planning of meeting again on November 21, 2023 at 12:00 PM.

Minutes Submitted by: Cole Cooper
Approved by: Jackson Woodard


