Opening
The team meeting of Capstone I Team 4 was held at 12:00 PM on September 28, 2023 in Brown Hall in room 408.

Present
Nate Campbell, Team Member
Luke Carson, Team Member
Cole Cooper, Secretary
Dylan Robbins, Team Member
Jackson Woodard, Team Lead
Jesse Roberts, Sponsor

Absent
All Present

Approval of Agenda
The agenda was unanimously approved by the team.

Approval of Minutes
The meeting minutes were unanimously approved by the team.

Business From Previous Meeting
Creation of the flow chart for conceptual design and initial rough draft for conceptual design.

New Business 
Finding specific information to better define what information is being recorded by the sensors, like mold growth conditions.

Additions to the Agenda
The first issue mentioned was defining how to switch between the wall power of 120V and battery power without a delay. The use of an uninterruptible power supply, UPS, could be a useful way to switch power sources for the event of power outages. A redefinition of the shall statements was mentioned, like “battery will last for 2 weeks.” A more detailed focus of the block diagram was requested, this can be done by specifying more information to fully determine the function of each aspect of our system. The idea of having dumb sensors was mentioned and could work well for our use case. In order for “dumb sensors” to work, they still need to transmit useful tag information like sensor name and number for this method to work. The inclusion of how our system can add value to homeowners has been appreciated by Mr. Roberts.

Agenda for Next Meeting
Edits of the flow chart for conceptual design and draft for conceptual design.

Adjournment 
Meeting was adjourned at 4:00 PM by Jackson Woodard. With planning of meeting again on October 5, 2023 at 12:00 PM.

Minutes Submitted by: Cole Cooper
Approved by: Jackson Woodard
