Opening
The team meeting of Capstone I Team 4 was held at 12:00 PM on November 2, 2023 in Brown Hall in room 408.

Present
Nate Campbell, Team Member
Luke Carson, Team Member
Cole Cooper, Secretary
Dylan Robbins, Team Member
Jackson Woodard, Team Lead

Absent
Jesse Roberts, Sponsor

Approval of Agenda
The agenda was unanimously approved by the team.

Approval of Minutes
The meeting minutes were unanimously approved by the team.

Business From Previous Meeting
The completion of our first design submission’s first full sign off.

New Business 
No new business was started from this meeting. 

Additions to the Agenda
After reviewing more feedback from Mr. Roberts, more information and explanations were needed for the communications sign-off. 
The team all focused on responding to the feedback. The other individual submissions also received some feedback, 
so the team worked on addressing their individual feedback as well. More discussion of what microcontroller is needed for the head unit also occurred. 
We found that the Raspberry Pi 3 and 4 use too much power for us to realistically keep powered through a two-week power outage. 
We then talked about moving to an Arduino based head unit since Arduinos do have a sleep mode. 
The Arduino Uno Rev3 will not work since it does not have enough ports for interfacing with the XB-24, the 2.7” TFT display, and additional storage. 
The Arduino Mega 2560 Rev3 should be able to work with our requirements based on initial research.

Agenda for Next Meeting
Finish remaining sign-offs.

Adjournment 
Meeting was adjourned at 3:00 PM by Jackson Woodard. With planning of meeting again on November 9, 2023 at 12:00 PM.

Minutes Submitted by: Cole Cooper
Approved by: Jackson Woodard

