Opening
The first team meeting of Capstone I Team 4 was held at 1:00 PM on September 7, 2023 in Brown Hall in room 408.

Present
Nate Campbell, Team Member
Luke Carson, Team Member
Cole Cooper, Secretary
Dylan Robbins, Team Member
Jackson Woodard, Team Lead
Jesse Roberts, Sponsor

Absent
All Present

Approval of Agenda
The agenda was unanimously approved by the team.

Approval of Minutes
The meeting minutes were unanimously approved by the team.

Business From Previous Meeting
The starting of shall statements. 

New Business 
The meeting started with a discussion with Jesse Roberts on the issues we have run into with the wireless powering of each module. The group discussed alternative power delivery systems for sensor modules reaching a new agreed addition to the agenda. More clarification was given by Mr. Roberts on how the specifications need to be laid out in the project proposal. The team has also learned that the proposal needs to be between four to nine pages long, a shorter proposal would not have enough information and a longer proposal likely has too much specific information. 

Additions to the Agenda
Design a system that can run by being hard-wired into new construction houses with battery backup. This meeting has led the team to redoing the proposal to be more broad in its importance and scope of application. The team has agreed to start talking to new stakeholders like landlords, insurance agents, and home inspectors to gauge what demands for a system like Protect Home Pro has in the current market. 

Agenda for Next Meeting
The next meeting will continue to cover the Project Proposal.

Adjournment 
Meeting was adjourned at 2:00 PM by Jackson Woodard. With planning of meeting again on September 12, 2023 at 12:00 PM.

Minutes Submitted by: Cole Cooper
Approved by: Jackson Woodard
