Opening
The team meeting of Capstone I Team 4 was held at 1:00 PM on February 20, 2024 in Brown Hall in room 408.

Present
Nate Campbell, Team Member
Luke Carson, Team Member
Cole Cooper, Secretary
Dylan Robbins, Team Member
Jackson Woodard, Team Lead

Absent
All members present

Approval of Agenda
No new agenda was added for this meeting

Business From Previous Meeting
Luke was able to add the schematic updates to the gas module in order to get it signed off.

Cole got feedback from Dr. Bhattacharya about what battery type and charging circuit would be best fit for the project. The battery type mentioned is a Lithium Iron Phosphate battery, while the recommended charging circuit is a voltage divider trickle charger. This type of battery will allow for 10 years of use with instant power swap over for continual usage of the sensor modules. 

New Business 
Dylan has started working on the code to get the mold module to function. This code is not functioning yet. We believe his code will be similar to Jackson’s.

Jackson has started working on the code to get the fire module to function. Through initial attempts this code is functioning with a few errors.

Nate has started working on the code to get the water module to function. This code is functioning and the water sensor is reading and outputting values as expected.

Luke has started working on the code to get the gas module to function. This code is not functioning yet. We believe his code will be similar to Nate’s.

Cole is starting on the setup for the head unit to be able to communicate and store data read from each module.

Additions to the Agenda
Cole was able to add the information learned from Dr. Bhattacharya to update the power module in order to get it signed off.

Agenda for Next Meeting
Start team discussion of minimal functionality of this project.

Adjournment 
Meeting was adjourned at 6:00 PM by Jackson Woodard. With planning of meeting again on February 27, 2024 at 1:00 PM.

Minutes Submitted by: Cole Cooper
Approved by: Jackson Woodard
