Opening
The team meeting of Capstone I Team 4 was held at 1:00 PM on March 18, 2024 in Brown Hall in room 408.

Present
No meeting was held this week

Absent
Luke Carson, Team Member
Cole Cooper, Secretary
Dylan Robbins, Team Member
Jackson Woodard, Team Lead
Nate Campbell, Team Member


Approval of Agenda
This meeting was approved by Jackson Woodard.

Business From Previous Meeting
Finish any additional sections of additional functionality needed.

New Business 
No new business this week.

Additions to the Agenda
Cole and Jackson are working on setting up the head-unit to allow for the head-unit to receive and display information from the sensor-modules. As of current, the head-unit has only been able to receive the information, but another computer was needed for reading the received information.

Dylan, Luke and Nate are working on compiling and testing a new code in order to allow for more sensor-modules to head-unit communication.

Agenda for Next Meeting
The first order of business is the continuation of work on additional module communication with the head-unit.

The second order of business is finishing the head-unit’s receive and display functionality.

The final order of business is comparing the existing function of the overall system with the determined success and constraint metrics.

Adjournment 
Meeting was adjourned at 3:00 PM by Jackson Woodard. With planning of meeting again on March 25, 2024 at 1:00 PM.

Minutes Submitted by: Cole Cooper
Approved by: Jackson Woodard
