Opening
The team meeting of Capstone I Team 4 was held at 1:00 PM on January 29, 2024 in Brown Hall in room 408.

Present
Nate Campbell, Team Member
Luke Carson, Team Member
Cole Cooper, Secretary
Dylan Robbins, Team Member
Jackson Woodard, Team Lead

Absent
All members present

Approval of Agenda
No new agenda was added for this meeting

Business From Previous Meeting
Finish remaining sign-offs.

New Business 
Nate is responsible for finishing the water detection module. In order for this module to be completed, designing a circuit to minimize possible ripple voltage on the analog sensor. 

Luke is responsible for finishing the gas detection module. In order for this module to be completed, designing a circuit to minimize possible ripple voltage on the analog sensor. 

Cole is responsible for finishing the head unit module. In order for this module to be completed the proof of what microcontroller is needed with evidence supporting the claims.

Additions to the Agenda
Jackson is responsible for figuring out the coding for enabling the ESP-32 H2’s to read sensor data and communicate with the head unit.

Dylan is responsible for starting the power module in order to show a solid start in the good faith effort.

Agenda for Next Meeting
Finish remaining sign-offs and get prototype ready.

Adjournment 
Meeting was adjourned at 2:30 PM by Jackson Woodard. With planning of meeting again on February 5, 2024 at 1:00 PM.

Minutes Submitted by: Cole Cooper
Approved by: Jackson Woodard
