Opening
The first team meeting of Capstone I Team 4 was held at 12:00 PM on September 15, 2023 in Brown Hall in room 408.

Present
Nate Campbell, Team Member
Luke Carson, Team Member
Cole Cooper, Secretary
Dylan Robbins, Team Member
Jackson Woodard, Team Lead
Jesse Roberts, Sponsor

Absent
All Present

Approval of Agenda
The agenda was unanimously approved by the team.

Approval of Minutes
The meeting minutes were unanimously approved by the team.

Business From Previous Meeting
The continuation of finishing the project proposal.

New Business 
The start and refining of feasibility was established and added to the conversation. 

Additions to the Agenda
Mr. Roberts has given a better direction for the shall and shall not statements. The idea of what we will and will not be doing was emphasized. Feasibility should show we have enough people to get a project done within a certain amount of time. Mention of how the Gantt Chart should be implemented also came up. The Gantt Chart shows that each challenge can finish a task within a specific period of time, however this does not imply a specific commitment from an assigned team member. Mr. Roberts also pointed out that we could use 120V power as an example of a specification. We found out later in the meeting that some NEC standards we have found already cover this topic. 

Agenda for Next Meeting
The next meeting will be the start of the Conceptual Design and Planning process.

Adjournment 
Meeting was adjourned at 5:00 PM by Jackson Woodard. With planning of meeting again on September 21, 2023 at 12:00 PM.

Minutes Submitted by: Cole Cooper
Approved by: Jackson Woodard
